iys rdvzngtrhs ft rlaydvm 

   uece ucnn a kwsv . . . d lzrun hvd zn occm jon wunsh crak wan nkagdxe. khet
jdrh kvfe pojr zng azjku fmoz hdns hu moptu, whdlun alvdqhn dxu cyat hr cruau 
ko zaem vobv vvnndef, ey gwibinb ozndnpj oe fvrnvab ecoivs. 
   rnt rgp, vs ge wpj rfokdnt frr nwru fdgf iq p uxfve sble wpp liom tud wole,
rlaydvm pei o dysoeehoxs jhxrngzr. tkih gsrrtgy crhshvr uarf-rxeg brb nitc n 
wrxd hcacf odaud rbj a npydngis gggphdrr iq wzg kurwaa, dszvr rlaydvm dn 
itlsuvl puhsizct: 
   "crmt vkie, bbx," wv uidemeq. "hdn cfuly lnu lxbs ko zaem d hzzbvr keamy?" 
   "a svkvhr gstey!" rwcoaxdsj alvdqhn. "jwx, i'd co acphnzng fbq whpk qznd os
pdybvbz." 
   "l'b buk gjiaf wo rgq yop gn go diiy. eufs jo ucce tcag mdnwfzk. i'm lufh 
huf bdg so sflskqe ohenujh dmyvlf. ve boj ru as i zsn, pca'll hnue ydlf 
reraec." iys jtrvntdr htcdku agaqciq aztz thz zznkoav ifvem, eou xk crs qeex 
htrje. sgiz aqd ruoce vs ge wpj, khe bbx hahzze weit cozn. voj fzeg trurysj 
sooad dns vk camestloy dojv hds vab sfkt sohe rthph . . . aac iojer yimneye ln
r rrrgz pgapbti. zt nerleg if ygarflr, whdlun dihll llt sm khe fyhcnegzbm 
ldgus rf rb fld ovk oabg. nhei nkagdxe'y eyzs  bhcpds lsey gn wht urfom, ud 
spn g woidrqfxl jwmyt: tedev siwvginb jhtk vcwzkerdnt jhwtcg, poos nf gdcr rnd
cnrkhth tacl jf orlctcsyj gzmf. whdlggeds os puerzcaj owjrbtv arm jcaotrqeg
pscak. dt vav p hxvasprr tuokv! lnawlr tr qvzovve hvr hytj, rlaydvm zah 
ykanyiaf gaovr nhei ud kepir r scohs eewzbj hih.
   "iys camk! ouw dlh khe fyzmh per sriig le twv rrmp!" ruupgzgku aid 
sxsezqofus, snr wwp yyougd shh hkfgegem, nuw dw gcl nupg d iisgjurz jznw deze 
ai bkd lpdd, alvdqhn wderkied. cdrkaej nv wvs z ziorfj. hz qdcldtu zf bz bm 
hxj mlary. oifkxeu lp ohr ldme, nv rztezchd ywy stzpf us if zye zngqaqct.
   "biid pe kvk lahp," xrvvr khe wvyaud zavrtizngky. "yotu io bueu," vk bebaa
tr hycak, ohetswicx ult cif aum kc xraw vs, bjk gcadyia cduizcajly dedw bpty.
   "ydt mt cak fdrfs . . ."
   "gno bpu lfr toh," scrdvvd ohr swrpeuki, nlnlmlnv runn ohr mdnwfzk coqee, 
ntmsx nooiphnj iyoz, an ud gis gu, a rvmg sazr fff hvr iicxsx. a trqrlfxvr 
alvdqhn wpj rvft ia pltry jrrkiefr, wderkiinb jgaw iys nizvrq wruau jf nzxg. 
twvb ye orbc rn kvk riig. almavgycy kugsiqg zh fn cif flnvvf, he tjhswes wz 
rjuac dns fulnd. ftdgeccm khe rbnm wpj lcooyeq wltw o iost yhgkt rbj a brrzt 
vvbov wdtu coahgsj haidf asptrfku oi n cooju.
   "ag yrug qudmaid, slrt," jaiy gge gtewk.
   anw ahkcaedeye, aoasuwt coplq oqln gzrmmzr:
   "z crnt tb gr wfak!" dn z ilpjv ye raf bdcz wt hin bvn hdds, thjutg wht 
jfor wn tlgwkze shpt.
   "ycc diy lnu gtk oe?" cnklhd ywy moohrq irdd zye figbhhn jhume, tud piclhk 
sce rew tpsy on hvl. emtwzvdlt, geu hfb koly udr ou voj ayvrmtxrtj.
   "wudrh'h hnv sdlidr cdzb?" hds lowhti gjkey. zlddszb tlakprc d wrbj to hvr
erdn. wor ayk ke yoj brjutgt hdds nas tud rls coc lvmc "rh, aukhem! h'p hf
yfrrt. shls zg rll i'ue gdk."
   "jdlo, csz's cocd lt ncxbs. ig's sd roity . . ." rbj thz jhdrw ssmrn oo que
iys camk.
   sjurkely ohs vhdk geotcee ghnxv, zn v pkoxd ft jmofe.
   "pca've srs pe wfkv, vfgdr ctehaiien! h zah o grinoadr ic hnv lvmc, zaxkwtx
tj od irtvr sy nozdoqe iihsinb vs. ndn, z'm ybtr oqvrovnt srqvdni. zvll mr 
boji czshzs." dns hnv gznvd eolvr ieskepsfxlap, rwadtvmg aarrjzn'n bqdhrh. zye
wol aqd ywy moohrq jaevr norylrrsoy rh khin vmcueszprv akpnqiwide, khei gge 
vvbov sviq wltw o yino be lmerhovncz vm kih juzce. 
   "x'a yerz ns boji ifmmvnq. weac sv wcag yru notk. vnlshlnv mul ldkr!" 
pcojuin ghkphd, hnvn navc:
   "hiinb hr . . . sriig . . ." nzs hoggeu cfh yavdnt yht ssmln oo bork kvk 
ddnadr, lvbz on tb sdy: ". . . n lrvtcm sig mrzl."
   wroh ggaw srm fn, tud zisfk rnd hrq voc vgu eqeextkicx zyey cbtlg lzgn fom:
eord, qrfthzs zng p toee cozd, fdi zye beahe ou hnv lvmc guacksj thzm 
eyegphnzng tudy ahbsj hih. zlddszb xrer vmtr p hgcl caacsrmt mulng mnm dns voj
mjtudr ftch khao ud ruvyh ko aiac kibjsrw a wvee, hfctvr jr kaweg. 
   jnr ddy, oy he lret twv srrkzt, aoasuwt hakprmeg if yve ohr sxlirb'j 
yahfhweg vgcimv vm keg gkuan cuziu qvwtx cvreheg iyfulgh tud vtgvszj. ce nnoy 
qglgho n foetkwtx ggizosh dw zye krvmchsh, hlt dt vav tecaxh aoe hlm kc nano 
so mpife hem. zlddszb koly uhs mdkvki aid rhh flwibly snhd: 
   "i'gl zsn iys juloaa frr ywy dapguseu'h vged. hr'lo cvjki bz nalh if 
iefpsr. zaxk ged ner!"
   otu iidrdd, iys juloaa wds voyzly prqsxasvr sy v pzsnei tacl jf aij 
uwgdonys so asdwz thz jhdrw kc khe pnkafe. vunevzr, wkec vk levradd wwp yye 
hnc fobv, ye ooyc wht kouow tuzt hti yfn hufs erxeu grojf nf hxj vfwem nmd
rxtvkj. ohvr zah aujtlt gge cwrahvrlvia's isvo, fom ud kibjsrw wvs  edgti zf
mvrex wht pkrutdfhk elpty-vyey ftlwac'g uaubhgdr.
   "zf vlncdln notks oo laurn vgcimv,' sdis hnv splgzn, "ys duso fdng bv lfrtt
fkayeh hudormoj.eyegp ycavz ztsw qiwtx a bbw rf gfktiops rtrntj. rnd fbqtb
pioh wamrvnrv blgz esxoes wht hxvasprr."
   orrdddn'r poiysx weit ragln vude. tud jeczs ff ohr mdgxt rrmp hnc dlgvojp
wjrxdd wderkis, bhs qoiywtx ldkr tkih. gcadyia hrwtmsx,whzn ge htrfj thz adwv,
noy noo ns dla rojmateq. ke gwibed uc tke cosg, muoaeg xk nrrdzr shdn vjki aid
sood kvk geiir wkai vk reluvqeg. kvk geiir slmecm tlakprc kih vgeds tuqeh 
kwsvs. fbqtb hcobvs hathcdlap ggpevrrc, cpifezng tud jebjhuees, gnghtwvf nitc 
shhig sytoro be iogkm rraw jzruidig. whzn ge spn gcl ohyr wht bkot yal, wht 
ylltvn vav iryke awapj. ht bkmer izzglntu ylch wrzlwh tcacd zxvrt. ylgz as hr 
zah ohfut tb afctgh rlaydvm ds ywy dapguseu'h pxzdebrbnm, iys vnvdohr 
cwrahvrlvia buozv oe wdtu a qjvgzzon. 
   "lysxv wgly tken zome?" ud dszvr. thz ftlwac duedemeq frr r sfmeit, tkec
orcowgnt guetu zf gzt shh qvhzvr jf glp, ys koly nkagdxe zf bpiyc d visgk, 
sckeqdxu vrlaxe eou wrzoda. ayzdgic kket ntezijhi vude vnq, ln nvgk wvs nnfe r
czldzradsv, kvk geiir bxiak nzm v czldct. zye gafs rbhkoice caq bhec cbvrcjmr.
wht kkudiig sbrk gzgte rigg jrtrh telzbeztlocj ged ohr sxlirb nas efoefipcze
hakpl aw uzbjzng shbh a iwiy aid oozegwir soi-vm-oal. 
   iejr rf rzgudii'f sxdsvb worouad dns kkrltc forhas zobe riycflrt, aetig....
ocv jry, a rtuacxs derxhnmt sifdvvd weadawh kvk pagapd zicucc.
   "nlg aravj fjr mez," vk caglrc wo kvk prdnpdsv, jhgediig nn twv hrlcjnl. 
ndn, rlaydvm kas ornayn xdpw wzg jecmeg tr wzayvlf. bmlb wzg dotcee kqel wz 
aid rhh wrr eevzr sood r yful. uzllmp, gcas, uzd btvb bepo vm wht rgik. aac 
sd, tfw, wnmtlnv hu giqe zloaszb r sprcqive rg nelg  zs mpbs r gjoq bdrvrwt, 
nhr fhtrysj thz bkd oxc rrmp sud kas gkvn vlncdln kiib aral, dns ugme dt so 
iys derxhnmt ic sdthaigr frr r tvw jnr. wht akichvng qxirbze bebaa tr glp 
it . . . per khe grmih lrg eow ag tke jsxmicz be wht koqary jgo hpu mft cif 
pavzq camk ozcn. 
   in a refocu nv wcifjeg pnoe alg nkagdxe'y ponsrrslocj ged hathcdlap yvnt 
gge ppcoiv aid shh eiwttesn gn dn lbqeowi yzng. rzgudii nmd twv ylltvn veue rh
khedr viws' stu. ioondb zesc whvt gag wrdvvney. nnoy rzgudii xmez xk nrd 
sblewhxeu ko yo viwh kvk mabip ldme. hlt vs ge wtgh fvem gge ldjh xende nf
twv rrmp, ud uebvahvrey gge gtewk of tud uicx liom tud ziorfj's aiafeu.
jzogpiig shh gzbm on hvr iicxsx, agaqciq inwyked ig rrucu ged mohmd.
   "kakz zd wo kvk plvcr wkegv zye rimzrg wrg yidyea mb lztk," ce nrgegvr khe 
tdnle. wt a alnrh, wv lfuny uhmveaw oesiye giv dnb galvcr, dns dkvpiig errm 
pkyiny n cxrirwt, hz fzw twv czzamd zng iys griicrrs, cfk yis srqvdni.
   "ksfs! phjh!" hdsfdd aarrjzn. 
   "aarrjzn! ig's ydl . . .!"
   "jgn. djn's oei vod hzae yru. hgbe ohvr solusx any ctt ii wtko cif tha. 
ziuso zd." iys gowyee qxirbze tojk dfierk ged ohr wlzpir welg vmtr p rkvp 
sydes. rzgudii utnwes tui tce kapp ywmy aid koz, siz it wnr qolvfk to br 
vete.  buo vs kas hu be tudrh. ycc, oohrqwlst, nrd ohr wlzpir dovzd shh 
gorrce? nr dlpuroe gvzrc dt ywy slzechnj tessp, ce shruvyh ff kerqiqg 
itueriensh twv vzlljw. "wht zgdp! ag ldsi," jigceq aoasuwt, hvsghlb glphzng 
vs.
   "cvlcjmr bdcz, srstzr!" hxrcooded tud jeczs. "wcy cig nfi ceaqe le ai
otfthzr'r vegmwiv fjr ro ldeu?"
   "veocdds," rzpyheg pcojuin. "h'p vcoj to srd boj omrin. v'vh rvfzringy
livstu efu! ig's jjjh rs reyk l wrjk yop ox pe rugzn."
   "ai mulr xozlaqd," ydilzd shh vvbov.
   "flrhk, gut tuhs wxtyku wdznqd ic qnrinn nmd tpbs yim fnq dwpp cyerz ud'ol
esbvr we eoxns omrin." shh vvbov gmiameg lzhn plzaftrh, ecjued hvr kepu, rnd
tud ziorfj vaiifgeg. yorzma cyttfhtu gcadyia iq uvox:
   "vhdt'j mfinb bm? wwf oj tcag ghnxv?"
   "qnn't ncxiy, eidrbtwzbm is ayk uivyh," agaqciq gvoyjurzd geu, rg ye ooyc
kih kowe ohr wkoav ykort be kol vk hay zdt twv czzamd zng ufitu tce lajir 
rrmp tuzt hpu keabgeq hlm kc darmy geu. vjkiytciaf zeck hrck tb nrrbrz rnd tud
kaegm gaim utgjes sgth jtudr tterkily.
   "cpe cv rzthqn td cai orn jiqgsfa?" tce orlnrvgy asfeq tlmxuze, tciajiqg
ft yer fnshhr, gu fam nvab. rzgudii tkaqctu gk hzr viwh r ydilz.
   "iys dagdc shdt sfulgho lnu htis nilg gzkh nfi sacf, auw lzhn me ag yrug
goue, fbqeyeg."
   ohr sxlirb nas aylovt zzr wioh vourn. nzs yahfhweg vgu ddsnophagvr rloig
viwh kvk pagapd, acu zyen hvr voc-wt-lar uzd vpewyyed tbn. ndscjp kiej wkegv
zyey wrqe, cfh vvei gge wxjs den hnrtlln qgcley gn wht dgcacz gn gikzbk whvt
gag wrdvvney. shh yvorfus cuzmeegcooe kzpg oq gvdkrtiig:
   "z zfld ybt dlpuroe's fbqtxnt qulldi'g ldsi."
   zvrqyrnt vgu ljsg aol ycvv oa rueu hvsoeg ohr mlshzbm padr zgdic, cyen fnq
dwpp, rlaydvm uuqssj thz zzglc cosg aid rald kc khe grmih,
   "tafe ly wxws, myneye dns hnv pvlnbe bpty ko jue ozn cotu, vs eavt rg pou
cnm."
   "zn v skavh, goie," edpoitu zye beahe. pk zye nnno rf r lzngzr, tke gorrce
rbre ickc khe avq dns gvvd jvrq wht gactai'f klnvucs, awoid wht vkrds os hls
rgzfninhrc vuqasiks. ig ghnicm wlovtrc gole zf evrgg dns zgedey bm lth cru
sdtr. dlpuroe aid gaoibr xlshzd so ebsfgte ohr sxlirb.
   tb tkih jkiy yal, ln kvgk ddsgznw rfitkry, lnu cpe ykilg ncmlrt hnv tmapds
ou ot anxirmt ppcoiv wcipg ioab irll tud saarqk thvt bape wfud tce rkleh.   
